the tree
George Baba it fell upon is one of my
favorite circuits of the whole calendar
but strangely enough I've never been on
the podium there it's I don't know why I
love the circuit the bike I feel we need
to make a lot of progress on the side of
the tire there and it's a tactic or it's
not necessarily you ride 22 laps as fast
as you can you have to be quite tactical
and think about the last relapse so from
that point of view it's you need a
perfect package underneath you and you
know I just missed her in the podium I
think four years ago there but then it
would be nice it's almost like a second
home line for me with my wife comments
in the little time there so you know I I
just you know I hope I will be able to
get onto the pouria Memphis yeah for the
pony no it's definitely one of my
favorite circuits he always trying to go
out there a bit early get to feel the
Australian cool troops is always good
but you know I got my first ever win
their first ever pole you know I've
really not gone there not been on the
podium so you know fingers crossed we
can do that and get my first podium
finish hopefully win for Honda
the bottom is the first race of the
season even longer on highways it's also
very challenging tracker is so so
difficult Phillip Island is never about
having gold shop we're having a big shot
at the end of the race it's all about
the last four or five five laps and
being at the first round of the season
that even makes it more difficult but
we're still basically setting up the
machine store
the development parts have to do it and
could in the first round to attract
which is dead heavy on mom on tires is
even more challenging